Add doc dir for Keptn 0.16 (#1228)
keptn/keptn.github.io: content/docs/0.16.x/automated_operations/remediation/index.md

---
title: Remediation Config
description: Configure a remediation and add it to your service.
weight: 1
icon: setup
keywords: [0.16.x-automated-operations]
---

The remediation config describes a remediation workflow in a declarative manner. Hence, it only defines what needs to be done and leaves all the details to other components. 

## Declare a remediation sequence in shipyard

> The definition of a remediation sequence is done in a so-called [Shipyard](../../manage/shipyard) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The definition of a remediation sequence is done in the project's [Shipyard](../../manage/shipyard) file.
```

spec:
  stages:
    - name: "production"
      sequences:
        - name: "remediation"
          triggeredOn:
            - event: "production.remediation.finished"
              selector:
                match:
                  evaluation.result: "fail"
          tasks:
            - name: "get-action"
            - name: "action"
            - name: "evaluation"
              triggeredAfter: "10m"
              properties:
                timeframe: "10m"
```

*Note*: Remediations can also be used in combination with [multi stage delivery](../../continuous_delivery/multi_stage) workflows.

## Configure Remediation

Below is an example of a declarative remediation config: 

**Example of a remediation configuration:**

```yaml
apiVersion: spec.keptn.sh/0.1.4
kind: Remediation
metadata:
  name: serviceXYZ-remediation
spec:
  remediations:
    - problemType: Response time degradation
      actionsOnOpen:
        - action: scaling
          name: Scaling ReplicaSet by 1
          description: Scaling the ReplicaSet of a Kubernetes Deployment by 1
          value: "1"
```

A remediation is configured based on two properties:

* **problemType**: Maps a problem to a remediation. 

> * **actionsOnOpen**: Declares a list of actions triggered in course of the remediation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **actionsOnOpen**: Declares a list of actions triggered in the course of the remediation.
```

* An **action** has a name used for display purposes.
* The **description** provides more details about the action.
* The **action** property specifies a unique name required by the action-provider (Keptn-service) that executes the action.
* The **value** property allows adding an arbitrary list of values for configuring the action.

If multiple actions are declared, Keptn sends out events in sequential order. Given the below example, the event for triggering `scaling` is sent out before the event for `featuretoggle` is fired. 

```yaml
---
apiVersion: spec.keptn.sh/0.1.4
kind: Remediation
metadata:
  name: serviceXYZ-remediation
spec:
  remediations:  
  - problemType: Response time degradation
    actionsOnOpen:
    - name: Scaling ReplicaSet by 1
      description: Scaling the ReplicaSet of a Kubernetes Deployment by 1
      action: scaling
      value: "1"
    - name: Toogle feature flag
      action: featuretoggle
      description: Toggle feature flag EnablePromotion from ON to OFF.
      value: 
        EnablePromotion: off
```

## Add Remediation Config to a Service

**Important:** In the following command, the value of `resourceUri` must be set to `remediation.yaml`.

> * To add an remediation config to a service, use the [keptn add-resource](../../reference/cli/commands/keptn_add-resource) command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To add a remediation configuration to a service, use the [keptn add-resource](../../reference/cli/commands/keptn_add-resource) command:
```
